Clarify MP region availability (#2163)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/regions.md

| :--- | :--- |
| asia-south1 | Mumbai |
| europe-west1 | Belgium |
| us-central1 | Iowa |

# Marketplaces

> When procuring Elastic Cloud through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-voru33wi6xs7k), [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/elastic.ec-azure-pp?tab=overview), or [GCP Marketplace](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/elastic-prod/elastic-cloud), only the regions corresponding to the same hyperscaler can be used. This ensures that you can enjoy the benefits of the Marketplace, such as Elastic Cloud contributing towards your spend commitment with cloud providers.

Reviewer: I haven't seen `hyperscaler` used anywhere else - would `cloud service provider` be appropriate there? 

```suggestion
When procuring {{ecloud}} through [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-voru33wi6xs7k), [Azure Marketplace](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/elastic.ec-azure-pp?tab=overview), or [GCP Marketplace](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/elastic-prod/elastic-cloud), only the regions corresponding to the same cloud service provider can be used. This ensures that you can enjoy the benefits of the marketplace, such as {{ecloud}} contributing towards your spend commitment with cloud providers.
```

> You can support a multi-cloud strategy by subscribing to a separate Elastic Cloud organization, either from another Marketplace, or directly at cloud.elastic.co

Reviewer: can you tell me more about what a multi-cloud strategy would be? is it for resilience? 

is "subscribing to" the right phrase for the separate org? could it instead be "creating"? 

url won't hyperlink unless we tell it to :)

```suggestion
You can support a multi-cloud strategy by subscribing to a separate {{ecloud}} organization, either from another marketplace, or directly at [cloud.elastic.co](https://cloud.elastic.co).
```

Author: I think the reasons for a multi-cloud strategy are many.
- resilience can be one of them for sure
- there might be technical reasons: for example, we recently ran into a very large AWS shop that needed to do o11y for thousands of Windows virtual workstations, so they 
- I imagine there can be commercial reasons as well, legacy/M&A considerations

Ok with "creating" 👍

> You can support a multi-cloud strategy by subscribing to a separate {{ecloud}} organization, either from another marketplace, or directly at [cloud.elastic.co](https://cloud.elastic.co).

Reviewer 2: Thanks! LGTM in general.
The only feedback I have is, if we think people generally know what a "multi-cloud strategy" is. I wonder if it will help clarify if we add an example of say someone who has created a deployment/project in eu-central-1 via AWS marketplace is now looking to provision another deployment/project in GCP europe-west1.
